“Mr. and Mrs. Dursley of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much.” ― Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
"I hope you're pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed — or worse, expelled. Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed.” ― Hermione Granger, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“It does not do well to dwell on dreams and forget to live.” ―  Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.” ― Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
"You're a little scary sometimes, you know that? Brilliant ... but scary," — Ron Weasley, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends." ― Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“Yer a wizard Harry.” ― Hagrid, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
“Fear of a name only increases fear of the thing itself.” — Hermione Granger, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” — Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
“Dobby is free.” — Dobby, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
“I solemnly swear I am up to no good.” ― Harry Potter, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
"Honestly, am I the only person who's ever bother to read Hogwarts: A History?” — Hermione Granter, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
“But you know, happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.” ― Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
"If you want to know what a man’s like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." — Sirius Black, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
"I am what I am, an' I'm not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,' my ol' dad used ter say, 'there's some who'll hold it against you, but they're not worth botherin' with.'" — Hagrid, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
"It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.” ― Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
“Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect.”  ― Luna Lovegood, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
"I think we've outgrown full-time education ... Time to test our talents in the real world, d'you reckon?," — Fred Weasley, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
"Harry witnessed Professor McGonagall walking right past Peeves who was determinedly loosening a crystal chandelier and could have sworn he heard her tell the poltergeist out of the corner of her mouth, 'It unscrews the other way.’” ― Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
"I think I'll just go down and have some pudding and wait for it all to turn up — it always does in the end.” ― Luna Lovegood, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
"Just because you have the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have.” ― Hermione Granger, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
"You can laugh, but people used to believe there were no such things as the Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned Snorkack!” ― Luna Lovegood, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
"I mean, it's sort of exciting, isn't it, breaking the rules?" — Hermione Granger, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
“We’ve all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That’s who we really are.” ― Sirius Black, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
"'The thing about growing up with Fred and George,' said Ginny thoughtfully, 'is that you sort of start thinking anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.' " — Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
“And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.” — Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
"Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.” — Kingsley Shacklebolt, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“‘He must have known I'd run out on you.’ ‘No,’ Harry corrected him. ‘He must've always known you'd always want to come back.’" — Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
"'After all this time?' 'Always,' said Snape." ― Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
"Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it." ― Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
"Not my daughter, you b*tch!" ― Molly Weasley, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
"And Percy was shaking his brother, and Ron was kneeling beside them, and Fred's eyes stared without seeing, the ghost of his last laugh still etched upon his face.” ― Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“'No, Harry, you listen,' said Hermione. 'We're coming with you. That was decided months ago — years, really.'” — Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“‘Why are they all staring?’ demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students. ‘Don’t let it worry you,’ said Ron. ‘It’s me. I’m extremely famous.’” — Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“All was well.” ― Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
"I've always wanted to use that spell." ― Minerva McGonagall, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
“Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?” ― Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows
